CNV-18714: Edit boot source disabled (#54584)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-editing-vm-web.adoc

= Editing a {object} in the web console

You can edit a {object} by using the {product-title} web console or the command line interface.

ifdef::virt-vm-template[]
Editing a {object} does not affect virtual machines already created from that template.
endif::virt-vm-template[]

.Procedure

. Navigate to *Virtualization* -> *{object-gui}* in the web console.

ifdef::virt-vm[]
. Select a {object} to open the *{object-vm-details}* page.

. Click any field that has the pencil icon, which indicates that the field is editable. For example, click the current *Boot mode* setting, such as BIOS or UEFI, to open the *Boot mode* window and select an option from the list.
endif::virt-vm[]
ifdef::virt-vm-template[]

> . Click the {kebab} Options menu beside a {object} and select *Edit*, *Edit boot source*, *Edit boot source reference*, *Edit labels*, or *Edit annotations*.

Reviewer: Nit: this is just describing the UI which isn't helpful generally and is out of date as soon as a new item is added to the UI. What about the following:

```suggestion
. Click the {kebab} Options menu beside a {object} and edit the required item.
```

Author: We plan to update this assembly before each release because we can't keep up with the UI in the documentation. This assembly will be the 'source of truth' and will replace the plethora of modules that we cannot keep up to date. :-)

. To edit a Red Hat template, click the {kebab} Options menu, select *Clone* to create a custom template, and then edit the custom template.
+

> *Edit boot source reference* is disabled if the template's data source is managed by the `DataImportCron` custom resource or if the template does not have a data volume reference.

Reviewer: Nit: I think this addendum to the step should be marked up as a note. 

```suggestion
[NOTE]
====
*Edit boot source reference* is disabled if the template's data source is managed by the `DataImportCron` custom resource or if the template does not have a data volume reference.
====
```
